#90 deployment guide (#105)
nuts-foundation/nuts-knooppunt: DEPLOYMENT.md

# Deployment

Nuts Knooppunt is provided as a single docker image that should be deployed within a participating organisations
network. We will update this guide as we implement the different generic functions.

Knooppunt is available from the Github Container Registry.

https://github.com/nuts-foundation/nuts-knooppunt/pkgs/container/nuts-knooppunt

> Knooppunt embeds a Nuts Node which is disabled by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Knooppunt embeds a Nuts Node which is enabled by default.
```

Author: We wrote in #90 that it should be disabled by default. But I do see we have configured it to be enabled now. Shouldn't we disable it by default until the implementor decides to use it?

Reviewer: Sure, but we need to change that.

Author: Done!

## Addressing

> To participate in the addressing generic function Knooppunt will need to connect to three different FHIR services
> providing data according to the mCSD profile.
> 
> 1. A root directory keeping authoritative references to a set of admin directories
> 2. An admin directory used to publish data such as endpoints
> 3. A query directory where the synchronisation process will place data received from other organisations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To participate in the addressing generic function Knooppunt will connect to several FHIR APIs to synchronize data, according to the mCSD profile:
- a Root Administration Directory, authoratitive on care organizations and their Administration Directory endpoints,
- Administration Directories of care organizations, discovered through the Root Administration Directory.
- a local Query Directory where the synchronisation process will put data received from other organisations

For your own Knooppunt, you need to:
- provide a FHIR API for the Query Directory
- provide a FHIR API for the Administration Directory, containing your care organization registrations, that other Knooppunt instances can query.
  - You can use the embedded mCSD Admin Editor web application (`/mcsdadmin`) to maintain this directory.
- configure the Root Administration Directory
```

A multi tenant HAPI server can be used for hosting both the admin and query directory. We recommend to keep this data
separate, but you can choose to combine the data in a single tenant if so desired.

> The root directory will be the LRZA directory provided by the ministry of health (VWS). During testing Nuts will provide
> an example root directory which is available on this URL:
> 
> https://knooppunt-test.nuts-services.nl/lrza/mcsd
> 
> Please notify Nuts if you would like to make a directory discoverable through our example
> root directory.
> 
> For testing purposes your admin directory should be reachable through the public internet. The production scenario aims
> to utilise mTLS for trusted communication.

Reviewer: I wouldn't say "notify Nuts";

```suggestion
The root directory will be the LRZA directory provided by the ministry of health (VWS). During preliminary testing, an example root directory is available on this URL:

https://knooppunt-test.nuts-services.nl/lrza/mcsd

Please get in contact if you would like to make your Administration Directory discoverable through our example
root directory.

For testing purposes your admin directory should be reachable through the public internet. The production scenario aims
to utilise mTLS for trusted communication.
```
